In early 2012, Irish journalist Jonathan Spollen was visiting India - and then he vanished.
In a series of interviews in the build-up to the anniversary of his disappearance, his friends and family have given their take on a case that has become no less mysterious over time.
"Some people say to me: 'Would it not be easier if you had closure?'" Lynda Spollen says.
"But closure is my most hated word in the dictionary."
"Closure" is a way for people to ask her indirectly if she should move on, whether she should now give up hope of finding her son Jonathan.
His last known conversation was on the phone with Lynda on 3 February 2012.
She was in Dublin; he was travelling in northern India.
They spoke for just under six minutes; not long, given the fact they could at times happily chat by phone for more than two hours.
Jonathan told his mum he had changed his mind about travelling to Delhi.
He would instead remain in Rishikesh, in the foothills of the Himalayas, to go on a short trek.
He was reported missing on this date five years ago.
In school, Jonathan Spollen was a natural joker, perhaps compensating for his being shorter than most of those around him.
But much to Lynda's surprise, he later turned into, they both acknowledged, "a bit of a nerd" - one who went on to take an interest in politics and Middle East affairs.
When he went missing, aged 28, he had not had much of a break since school.
From a politics degree in Dublin, he went on to a Masters in Middle Eastern Studies in London, before moving to work as a journalist in Cairo, Abu Dhabi (where I worked with him), then Hong Kong.
It was only natural, perhaps, that he became a journalist - his curiosity towards the world was reflected in his writing, and his affability meant he had no problem getting people to talk to him.
In 2010, in an article written after a visit to Indian-administered Kashmir, he expressed his fear he was idealising the simple life he had witnessed there.
"The whole experience, in fact, was as confounding to my world view as it was enjoyable," he wrote, "producing in me each day a lovely sort of confusion."
When people speak about Jonathan - people who knew him at different points in his life - they all mention his compassion.
As a child growing up in Ranelagh, a middle-class suburb in the south of Dublin, he was especially caring towards his dying grandmother: as she hallucinated mice running along her curtains, he understood what he had to do, and carefully removed the invisible mice before putting them in a bin.
While in Beirut airport in his mid-20s, he saw a Filipina maid being scolded by officials for bringing along too much luggage, so he paid her $300 fine on the spot.
Later, when he had moved to Hong Kong, he encountered a woman sleeping on a park bench and in distress having lost her identity papers.
Jonathan offered her his room without hesitation.
Jonathan and Hong Kong were not a great fit, and he left his job as a copy editor there late in 2011.
As he travelled first to Nepal, then on a journey through India, he was contemplating what he would do next.
"This was very much a time for him to decide whether he was going to continue in print journalism or go into documentaries," Lynda says.
"Time to reassess things and make a plan."
By early February 2012, having been in the country a little more than two months, Jonathan's Indian visa was a few weeks from ending, and he was based in Rishikesh, a few hours north of Delhi.
The fact that he disappeared here, of all places, may not have been pure chance.
Rishikesh sells itself as the yoga capital of the world - and Westerners are among the biggest customers
In early December 2011, Jonathan arrived in Rishikesh, a small, laid-back city of about 100,000 people surrounded by lush forests in the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand.
He was not alone - the state attracts more than 300,000 visitors a year, a third of whom come from abroad.
Rishikesh, which pitches itself as the yoga capital of the world, is its most-visited city and is dotted with hundreds of yoga studios and ashrams.
Its most famous visitors were The Beatles, in 1968, when they came to learn transcendental meditation under the Mahareshi Mahesh Yogi.
The group's month in the city was one of the most creative periods in their history - while there, they wrote songs that later featured on The White Album and Abbey Road.
Whether Jonathan was interested in a spiritual journey at this point in his life is one of the biggest questions at the centre of his case.
Lynda is sure he was not going down this path; the subject never came up in their long conversations.
Yes, Jonathan was interested in comparing different philosophies.
Yes, he had once had a passing interest in Buddhism.
But he had not expressed an interest to his mother in pursuing this journey in India, had not sought a guru, and had not been meditating, despite her encouraging him to do so.
In their last conversation on 3 February 2012, he had told his mother he would be away on a short trek for a few weeks, one he wanted to do alone.
"I want to do it on my own, kind of a spiritual thing," he said, in a manner Lynda describes as lighthearted.