WELL, I got a good going-over in the morning from old Miss Watson on account of my clothes;
but the widow she didn't scold, but only cleaned off the grease and clay, and looked so sorry that I thought I would behave awhile if I could.
Then Miss Watson she took me in the closet and prayed, but nothing come of it.
By and by, one day, I asked Miss Watson to try for me, but she said I was a fool.
From the corner of the divan of Persian saddle-bags on which he was lying, smoking, as was his custom, innumerable cigarettes, Lord Henry Wotton could just catch the gleam of the honey-sweet and honey-coloured blossoms of a laburnum.
And making him think of those pallid, jade-faced painters of Tokyo who, through the medium of an art that is necessarily immobile, seek to convey the sense of swiftness and motion.
The dim roar of London was like the bourdon note of a distant organ.
The US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has reached the number of delegates needed to secure the party's presidential nomination, Associated Press reports.
In Paris, there have been clashes between police and groups of youths, an AFP reporter said.
Protests are taking place across France, with the biggest rally in Paris.
The French government is under increasing pressure to give ground as the country prepares to host the Euro 2016 championships in two weeks' time, correspondents say.
Hundreds of workers marched into the port city of Le Havre, in Normandy, having blocked off the nearby Bridge of Normandy.
CGT union members at nuclear power plants voted on Wednesday to join the strike, and the union said 16 of the country's 19 power stations would be affected.
Nuclear power provides about 75% of the country's electricity. Grid operator RTE said nuclear power capacity was being cut by at least four gigawatts, equivalent to 6% of the country's total production capacity, on Thursday, Reuters news agency reports.
Six of France's eight oil refineries have already been hit by strikes and barricades, as have major ports including Marseille and Le Havre.
The CGT union is leading the action, supported by six other unions including Force Ouvriere and Unef, whereas the more moderate CFDT union backs the labour reforms.
As the union action ramped up on Thursday morning, Mr Valls indicated "there may still be changes, improvements" made to the labour reform laws.
But he rejected Finance Minister Michel Sapin's suggestion that Article 2 of the bill could be rewritten.
Article 2 gives individual companies the power to opt out of national obligations on labour protection if they feel they need to - something the CGT union is fiercely opposed to.
The French Union of Petroleum Industries says a third of France's 12,000 petrol stations are now running dry.
It said the government had begun using its strategic fuel reserves, which analysts say will last around four months.
Transport Minister Alain Vidalies said 40% of petrol stations around Paris were struggling to get fuel.
President Francois Hollande told ministers on Wednesday that "everything will be done to ensure the French people and the economy is supplied".
The CGT and other unions were enraged by the government's decision to use a constitutional device allow its watered-down labour reforms to be made into law without parliamentary approval.
The government says the reforms, which make it easier for companies to hire and fire staff, are needed to bring down unemployment.